how do u get volex burshes to edit minecraft 
The bar for Minecraft servers﻿ just got raised about 40 nothces.
cake shop? no the cake is a﻿ lie
I cannot﻿ Understand
that is fucking awesome check out buxville.net thats﻿ almost as awesome
i say you tour the rest﻿ with your friends like you do in escape craft!
301﻿ views 1,826 likes
Whats﻿ the ip?
why would anyone watch a two﻿ minute ad?
Oh﻿ look OpTicNation Commented on this.
is there any possible way to get this map for singleplayer?
I just know﻿ i am going to get trolled for this
holy﻿ shi- *head explodes*
I love the﻿ chopped and screwed roller coaster.
They should put it on minecraft forms so we can download it
Holy﻿ raptor Jesus on roller-blades.
my server is 48.34mb and﻿ rising becose i use grappind hook to travel
I could make that﻿ o just don't wanna :)
mmm can some one﻿ please ttell me why dis is especial? lol
Soo... GRIEFABLE!
Wow, amazing. Makes me want to try﻿ making a city in SSP.
My single player map is.. 19mb﻿
to the﻿ creator of this dragon..... "you have no life"
GRIEF IT, GRIEF IT, GRIEF﻿ IT!!!!!!!!
Did CaptainSparkles﻿ kill the server?
ughhhh﻿
When I saw the dragons my pants got blown off.
how does the minecart﻿ not stop???
name of﻿ the server??
I believe the texture is called shock craft. 
search it and see if﻿ im correct
MORE VOXELBOX!!!!!!!!﻿
is there a way to﻿ go on that server like he did?
Is it a private﻿ server?
I need the save!!﻿
imagine this without﻿ the texture...
this is THE server.﻿

so today i built﻿ a house of dirt... *sigh*
THATS SO AMAZING, I CAN´T﻿ DESCRIBE !
who the f**k has enough free time﻿ to make this stuff....im very jealous of them.
its.. could it be... HIM?﻿
I fap﻿ whilst urinating.
flying﻿ zombie!!! 5:58
the coaster ride just ran someone﻿ over...
You are thinking of﻿ Ghost Rider.
Copyright﻿ on what?
I was﻿ gonna go watch porn but then I found this.
omg wat is tha ippppppp plizz﻿
This is pure dedication﻿ o_o
how on earth were you allowed to rome around that place?
star trek enterprise aint﻿ got shit
stupid full server﻿ xP
but it is pretty fun﻿
The minecart station thing isnt a plug in, you can make it﻿ :)
The coolest thing ive ever uilt is a 4﻿ by 4 by 4 hut around myself a spawn........
Web﻿ link=crashed.
SIMPLY MAGNIFICENT MAN﻿ I FEEL LIKE LIVING THERE IN REAL LIFE
this is the main reason i bought minecraft to build awesome﻿ stuff
happy water﻿ day
I wantz it... but i am suxz at﻿ building large objects
it wouldnt matter if it went on fire its﻿ made of fences
I'm about﻿ to get my grief on
i﻿ saw the moon was like WHY ISN'T IT MOVING then realized he made it
ALRIGHT THATS IT!! DOES ANY ONE KNOE HOW TO RATE﻿ VIDEOS!!! I CAN'T FIND OUT HOW!!!
anyone﻿ know what texturepack is this?
thats a big word you got there dude﻿
EPICHOLYSHITFUCKNESSTHISISAWES­OMESHITYOUGOTTHERE!!!!!!﻿
Mouth drops﻿
dr awkward says: "this is a comment"
visit a world﻿ of minecraft server
Do these guy have lives? Rhetorical﻿ question.
MOAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿
All﻿ cinematic in this hoe!
CALM THE HELL DOWN ON THE CAPS.
And then you﻿ probably got banned again...
Dang! :D﻿ great server
there website is down...﻿ way to be captain
unsubbed﻿ no more bo and never watched ur minecraft vids
It's sad﻿ that I'm too lazy to build something on a video game.
AWESOME DRAGON﻿ IS AWESOME
idk,﻿ just OVER 9000!
wow thts amazing... rlly it﻿ is
one guy????!!!!!!﻿
woah texture﻿ pack?
This﻿ is one intense map.
you tour﻿ servers, so what can we do to get our server toured?
you can skip it
BOOM BOOM BOOM TONS
all he posts now is minecraft
Yeah, the server isn't﻿ letting me on
What was that﻿
O.O﻿ ... oh.. my god. It's beautiful.
i seriously can't wait for the﻿ full game
For such a low graphic quality game, that is﻿ beautiful! lol.
i still think sexy﻿ town is better
AHHHH a gig﻿
well...house is such a piece of crap.....
wow simpple amazing how people tack this game and make such﻿ works of art
was like "there is﻿ no way!"
this﻿ is the real deal o.o
Crap! I pulled a Jomeaga!
Eeeeeeh is not a anything
YOU DONE GOOFED
he did it in a 1x1 hole
today, i make a meganipple.
Screenshotted
how do you fly?
UNICORN BLOOD.
herp, derp
herpity derp
herp, herp herp-a-derp
nahh, cricles arepossible, the only way to look like onis a re\ly large one, and u gotta be﻿ far
i﻿ went to there and met notch....
Is that the were the﻿ brain suppost to be jk
the GINORMOUS roller coaster reminded me of step by step!
his IQ's over 9000!!!﻿
what if you ran minecraft using﻿ this computer? HOLY SHITTTT
A﻿ griefer's wet dream.
this﻿ display is smarter than justin bieber
if only we could download﻿ this.....
minesploshon﻿
that's how﻿ computers were back in the 1950s...
This﻿ is ludicrously ingenious. Wow.
This should be on Notches blog﻿
mineception
it has been sunset for quite some time.﻿
I know redstone but holy﻿ shit!! THATS MAD
and i was amazed with a double door opening﻿ with pressure plates
Wow This Must Took At Least A﻿ Week
Tutorial Please.﻿
How do﻿ you make a redstone torch?
WHAT IS﻿ THE TEXTURE PACKKKKK!!!!!!
imagine doing it in front of thewoodyman
Idk wtf this﻿ is but redefine FTW, and keep it up
Mind =/= Blown | Mind = Mind﻿
For the love of﻿ notch.. is that possible?
Even Steven Hawking﻿ would be mindfucked
A FAKAN﻿ LOAD BAR?
YEAH! i just﻿ built a house out of dirt!
Imagine doing this with﻿ invetory editing
I﻿ know your joking but thats actually impossible... -.-
Because﻿ you want thumbs.
Wood is﻿ also very smart
i﻿ made it out of gravel
Can i use this to propise to my Girlfriend :D﻿ ?
people﻿ like this have amazingbrains
Sparklez Im sorry but you were beaten
looks﻿ complicated^^
i couldn't﻿ even make a door bell!
The zzirgrizz of﻿ redstone.
imagine﻿ if a troll was given 64 blocks of tnt on this map
can someone tell me how the are doing voice chat over minecraft﻿
plz plz plz make﻿ a download for this
ooo pretty﻿ colors
What were does things he was pushing to make the letters?﻿
Autism, Autism﻿ everywhere…
MINECRAFT Counputers﻿ in a computer ftw
i'm scared
ACCADENTLY﻿ HIT THE DISLIKE BUTTEN!!!!!
It should﻿ say SPAAAAAAACE
How...can someone...be so clever....
This man and his machine﻿ have baffled my mind
can﻿ you post map
May I ask, what is﻿ your IQ?
12 bans a day!
734 bans in 61 days!
I got compleatly screwed over by these guys
The admins SUCK, none of them do anything
ELEVn said my builds suck and I'm annoying everyone
Banned me for digging for minerals
I did punch a punching bag to realease my anger
I'm not a fan of the administration
Bunch of wankers, they are
THINK ABOUT THE PC OF﻿ THE OWNER
Is this Chuck Noris's summer home?﻿
I cant even get to the﻿ Daro!
it's﻿ magic!
Its﻿ Called The Preditore
I want﻿ to be as good at having no life as them.
Did they make the sun and moon?
